Page for the 2023 MFEM community workshop (#223)
mfem/web: src/workshop22.md

# MFEM Community Workshop
#### October 25, 2022
#### Virtual Meeting

**Speakers' slides** are linked in the agenda below. Read the
[**article**](https://computing.llnl.gov/about/newsroom/mfem-workshop-2022)
about the workshop on LLNL's Computing website. Watch the
[**video playlist**](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLy9rIbGDXrG2Cexj3ZH8psiMPKh87O0ff) of
workshop presentations (linked individually below and available on the [videos page](videos.md)),
and view **contest submissions** in the [gallery](gallery.md).

![MFEM Logo](img/logo-300.png)

### Overview

> The MFEM team is happy to announce the second MFEM Community Workshop, which will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MFEM team is happy to announce the third MFEM Community Workshop, which will
```

> take place on October 25, 2022, virtually, using Zoom for videoconferencing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take place on October 25, 2022, virtually, using Zoom for video conferencing.
```
